chore(README.md): add more comprehensive instructions for developing application kit bundles in readme (#2346)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: README.md

## Developing application-kit packages

### Initial Installation

1. Clone this repo

   ```bash
   $ git clone https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit.git
   ```

2. Add necessary environment variables

   > Navigate to `merchant_center_application_kit/playground`, duplicate `.env.local.template`, name the duplicate `.env.local` and add these values:

   ```bash
     MC_API_URL="https://mc-api.europe-west1.gcp.commercetools.com" # for prod
     APP_ID="" # can be an empty string for dev

>      CTP_INITIAL_PRODUCT_KEY=<your-project-name> # the name of any project you have access to on prod/stage

Reviewer: this should be `CTP_INITIAL_PROJECT_KEY`

Author: indeed it should be, thanks!

## Developing application-kit packages

### Initial Installation

1. Clone this repo

   ```bash
   $ git clone https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit.git
   ```

2. Add necessary environment variables

>    > In the vscode file tree or the terminal, navigate to `merchant_center_application_kit/playground`, open `.env.local.template`, and add these values:

Reviewer 2: This file shouldn't be modified––you'll want to duplicate it and rename to `.env.local` instead. No need to specify the method you'll use to do it, either; I'm sure there's an Emacs user in the org somewhere 😉

Author: good point, changed in most recent commit

>    > In the vscode file tree or the terminal, navigate to `merchant_center_application_kit/playground`, open `.env.local.template`, and add these values:

Author: ```suggestion
   > Navigate to `merchant_center_application_kit/playground`, duplicate `.env.local.template`, name the duplicate `.env.local` and add these values:
```

## Developing application-kit packages

> ### Initial Installation

Reviewer 3: This all section can be removed to be honest. We can mention to check and ensure to have the `.env.local` file but I wouldn't document its content. Instead you can add more information and give hints in the template file itself.

Reviewer 4: ![Screen Shot 2021-09-21 at 2 44 09 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13600903/134229337-744bff5c-5ed5-465e-83f2-548db136f911.png)

@emmenko 
When you initially pull down the repo this is the result when you run yarn build:watch after adding the environment variables without running yarn build first.

1. Clone this repo

   ```bash
   $ git clone https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit.git

>    ```

Reviewer 3: I would omit this part to be honest, it does not seem relevant.

2. Add necessary environment variables

   > Navigate to `merchant_center_application_kit/playground`, duplicate `.env.local.template`, name the duplicate `.env.local` and add these values:

   ```bash
     MC_API_URL="https://mc-api.europe-west1.gcp.commercetools.com" # for prod
     APP_ID="" # can be an empty string for dev
     CTP_INITIAL_PROJECT_KEY=<your-project-name> # the name of any project you have access to on prod/stage
   ```

3. Build and run the application kit

>    > In a new terminal window, navigate to the project root directory - `/merchant_center_application_kit` - and run:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   > In a new terminal window, navigate to the project root directory and run:
```

   ```bash

>    $ yarn && yarn prebuild && yarn build && yarn build:watch

Reviewer 3: This command does not make much sense. Simply run `build`.

```suggestion
   $ yarn build
```

FYI: `prebuild` is automatically executed when the `build` command is executed. Every npm script that starts with `pre<name of command>` does that.

   ```

   > Confirm that the watch is running successfully, you should see:

   ```bash
   > "info @commercetools-frontend/application-shell waiting for changes..."
   >...
   ```

4. Remove fake permission:
   > `PERMISSIONS.ViewPlaygroundStateMachines` which is required by playground is a fake permission and you might need to remove it
   > in order to be able to run and view the application. You'll need to remove it twice in `custom-application-config.mjs` and once in
   > `routes.js` so that `permissions`/`demandedPermissions` are just empty objects:

> `custom-application-config.mjs`

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure I understand this point. Why fake?

Reviewer 4: ![Screen Shot 2021-09-21 at 3 00 10 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13600903/134233049-9e4144f0-6759-4a4b-83b9-c445541c4b69.png)

@emmenko 
"Fake" might not be the best terminology but without removing them in those two files you cannot access the playground (see screenshot). Fedor helped me discover this and he called them fake permissions which is why I used that term but I can change it if there's a better alternative. We were curious though why they were there in the first place and if they needed to be removed permanently.

```bash
 permissions: [PERMISSIONS.ViewPlaygroundStateMachines],
 submenuLinks: [
    {
      uriPath: 'echo-server',
      permissions: [PERMISSIONS.ViewPlaygroundStateMachines],
      defaultLabel: '${intl:en:Menu.EchoServer}',
      labelAllLocales: [
        {
          locale: 'en',
          value: '${intl:en:Menu.EchoServer}',
        },
        {
          locale: 'de',
          value: '${intl:de:Menu.EchoServer}',
        },
      ],
    },

>   ],

Reviewer 3: The custom app config does not need to change. You can omit this.

```

`routes.js`

```bash
   const canViewStateMachines = useIsAuthorized({
     demandedPermissions: [PERMISSIONS.ViewPlaygroundStateMachines],
   });
```

5. Build and run the [playground application](./playground):

> In a new terminal window, navigate to the project root directory - `/merchant_center_application_kit`, and run:

```bash

> $ yarn playground:build && yarn playground:start

Reviewer 3: It's either/or. If you want to develop with it, you just `start` it, no need to build it.

Author: In our initial attempt starting the playground, we were under the impression that it was necessary to run the build step once before the watch step, or the watch would fail out.  With further investigation, apparently we were incorrect, the build step has been removed.

```

> > This should open a browser window and the standard merchant cernter login prompt, login using your account, and then the playground should load in the browser if permissions are set correctly (I am unclear on what those perms are or how to set them, so this is completely theoretical on my part at this point)

Reviewer 3: Let's remove this.

Author: removed

> ### RUNNING THE APP KIT AND PLAYGROUND AFTER INITIAL INSTALLATION

Reviewer 3: Why uppercase?

Author: Good catch, changed in latest commit
